-----------------
Chirstmas_Pudding
-----------------


260g dried fruit
10 dried dates(or figs)
10 dried apricots (optional)
80ml brandy(or port, dark rum and sherry)
50g plain flour
65g bread crumbs
2tsp baking powder
1tsp allspice
80g  dark brown sugar
1 medium apple cored and pureed
1 zest of large orange
3tbsp aquafaba(liquid from a can or chickpeas
2tbsp blackstrap molasses
75g coconut oil

Put the dried fruit, including the dates and apricots, into a large mixing bowl and pour over the brandy (or alternative alcohol/juice).
Leave until the liquid has been absorbed by the fruit.
How long it takes varies depending on the fruit you use but it will be somewhere between about 15 and 30 minutes.

While that is happening, place the pudding basin on some parchment paper and draw a circle around the bottom of the basin onto the paper.
Cut it out and set aside.
Then turn the basin over and draw another circle around the top of the basin.
Cut that one out but cut a few millimeters inside the line this time so the circle will fit on top of the pudding batter when you put it in the basin.
Set that circle aside too.

Make sure you have a heatproof upturned saucer or something similar in the bottom of a pan so the pudding doesn't come into direct contact with the heat when it goes in, and a full kettle boiled and ready.

Grease the pudding basin with some coconut oil and place the small circle in the bottom of the basin.

Once the liquid has been absorbed by the fruit, add the flour, breadcrumbs, baking powder, allspice and sugar to the bowl and stir really well to combine.

Then add the orange zest, apple, aquafaba, blackstrap molasses and coconut oil and stir well until combined.

Spoon the mixture into the pudding basin, smooth it out and top with the large circle of parchment paper, pressing it down all over and into the sides gently.

Cut a large rectangle of silver foil and a slightly smaller rectangle of parchment paper.
Enough to go over the top of the pudding basin with plenty to spare.
Then lay the foil flat on your surface and the parchment paper flat on top of the foil.
Make a pleat in them both

Place the pudding gently on an upturned saucer inside the pan and pour boiling water carefully down the sides so it reaches about halfway up the side of the pudding basin.
It must not reach the foil.
Bring to a simmer but don't let it rolling boil as you don't want the water to get up under the foil.
Cook for 3 hours.

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGtQ0zCbEfk
        https://avirtualvegan.com/ultimate-vegan-christmas-pudding/
